2 commits, an initial translation of c00/30/04->14 and an extra adding sounds as per indication. planning to use dupe tool after this (#63)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/30/14/3_1/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.1.3 by Text Dump v1.4.1
//

> ぬるりぬるりと這う二つの舌の感触、いかがでしたか？=How was the feeling of two slimy tongues crawling on top of eachother?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ぬるりぬるりと這う二つの舌の感触、いかがでしたか？=Did you enjoy the feeling of two wet, slippery tongues sliding all over each other?
```
